Skip to content

Community: meeting agendas and notes: mwf core developer's meeting 2012 03 22

ebollens edited this page Mar 22, 2012 · 3 revisions
Clone this wiki locally

Attendees:

  • Eric Bollens
  • Rich Trott
  • Ike Lin
  • Ed Sakabu
Notes from last meeting:
  • Last meeting, we got side-tracked on a couple side-items and did not have time for updates on each feature. Therefore, things listed as "last meeting" on the last set of minutes are listed the same again this time.

Table of Contents

MWF 1.3

In-Progress

Customizable Home Screen [Rich]

  • Has not been merged because this is tied in with the form decorator
  • Ready to be merged as soon as we bring in the form decorator
JS Interactivity [Eric]
  • Last meeting: Trigger-target engine has been implemented https://github.com/ucla/mwf/issues/116
  • Working on writing the drivers for expandable and transitions - some difficulties with CSS 3 animations
Basic Native Container [Zorayr]

Valid phpDoc [Eric]

Lightning Touch [Rich]

  • Any progress on making stuff more configurable and extricating UCSF-specific stuff?
  • No progress so far
MWF Decorators [Eric]
  • No update
Form Decorator [Ike]
  • Last meeting: Rich proposes marking this as experimental so we can modify more significantly later on
  • Last meeting: One big change would be objectifying this further than having one monolithic form decorator
  • Last meeting: Rich to consider possibly doing the refactor before 1.3 alpha release
  • Created new branch for the refactor - kept it separate in case we prefer the other version
  • There's an input decorator now that the form decorator contains - get's rid of monolithic-ness.
  • Got rid of some of our polyfills in favor of a 3rd-party polyfill
  • No polyfill for some of the limited ones like type week - but the big ones like datetime are handled using the WebShim library
  • Validation is now done by HTML-compliant forms
  • Will need help looking at the decorator interface and make sure we're happy with it
  • Ike points out that we need to provide patterns for url, required, etc.
Cache Object [Rich]
  • Last meeting: Pull request for develop to provide a caching interface
  • Last meeting: Doesn't even have a method for saving objects into cache yet, just tracking the directory to use
  • Last meeting: Eric proposes Disk_Cache rather than Cache and Rich agrees
  • Last meeting: Eric asks why it doesn't use standard cache methods - Rich isn't sure we need them yet
  • Last meeting: Rich will add a function to put something into the cache
Warn on Inner HTML Content [Rich]
  • Last meeting: Eric disagrees with preventing inner content from being passed as HTML - this breaks apps that generate inner content except via the decorator
Other
  • Android 2.2/3 screen size [Rich]
    • Feature proposal: instead of returning false, maybe return the unreliable figure
    • No updates on this yet - probably something we can wait on until we hear of a need
  • Padded to be made the default in MWF 1.3 [Eric]
  • Add support for button inside of content [Eric]
  • Fix H entity issue [Eric]

Complete

Forms UI/JS [Ike]

  • Ike to create documents
Lean CSS [Eric]

Messages UI [Ike]

JS Unit Tests [Rich]

JS Preferences [Rich]

JS Test Coverage [Ike]

Acceptance Test [Rich]

Delayed

JS-based Handler [Eric]

App Store

MWF 1.2

MWF 1.2.14

  • Fix in 1.2.13 fixed a bug that wasn't a bug, but rather a misuse of the decorator
    • Is this in develop-1.2?
    • Throw warning in 1.2.14 on HTML entities inside decorator contents
  • mwf.userAgent [Rich/Eric]
    • Several parsing bugs that Rich identified in mwf.userAgent with bad parsing - any fixes on these?
    • Discussion: what should be done about body telemetry?
      • Major+Minor for version on OS
      • 1% threshold on OSes

Auxiliary

  • Branch discussion
    • Last meeting: develop-1.2 is to be merged to master
    • Last meeting: feature/analytics can be merged to develop
    • Last meeting: [ACTION] feature/cache_object should be reviewed for next week
  • Development version of DTS available at https://github.com/ebollens/dts
    • Last meeting: A number of changes have been committed by Rich into MWF that need to merge to DTS
    • No new updates
  • Alpha version of MWF Decorators (extricated) available at https://github.com/ebollens/mwfd
    • Will need to include the new Form decorator
    • No new updates
  • MWRS development is continuing at https://github.com/ucla/mwrs
    • Service layer is almost complete - just five more services to write
    • Mobile client is also coming along swiftly
    • All development to be complete by March 25 at the latest - pretty tight timeline
    • UCLA is planning to start demoing and alpha piloting this in Spring quarter and looking for other volunteers
Something went wrong with that request. Please try again.